---
title:  "PGA Bracket Challenge"
client: "World Golf Championship"
project_type: "Design and Front End Development of Fantasy Sports Bracket Game"
image: pga
date:   2015-06-26 04:52:51
layout: portfolio
project_url: http://fantasybracket.pgatour.com/
---

##Objective 
The PGA wanted a simple, intuitive interface that made it easy for their fans to make bracket selections and share results with friends.

##My Role
UI Designer and Front End Developer

##Creative Process
This project was all about modular design, as there were numerous repeating components in varying states. Each player, and roster slot was a repeating element that could be within a roster group. The bracket lines were a fun challenge of `:before` and `:after` content, and I enjoyed replicating some material design button elements without using the canvas element.

##Project Duration
Design and development cycle was 6 weeks.

##Design Challenges
One of the interesting design challenges on this project was laying out a dynamic bracket that could be printed on a standard sheet of printer paper. There was the assumption that once bracket picks were made, that users would want to print the information. A simple print style sheet yielded too much variability in the output, so we decided on a dynamic PDF version that would be generated by Rails.

##Challenge Resolution
[Print Bracket Layout](http://fantasybracket.pgatour.com/print) - assumes that a user's bracket has been filled.

##Business Result
Continued satisfaction with products delivered by Sports Technologies, LLC. Future projects in planning, and modifications/upgrades to existing projects currently in development.